Remaining section review (#11)
ezsystems/commerce-documentation: docs/api/helper_services/country_service.md

# CountryService

`CountryService` returns a list of countries with corresponding country codes.
The country names are translated for every SiteAccess.
This list of countries is used in all forms in the shop as a list of choices.

Because this service is aware of the form type name, it can return different countries for every form.
It can display a different list for the checkout process and a different list for the registration process.  

Service ID: `siso_tools.country`

## Configuration

> The list of possible countries to choice can be configured in `siso_tools.default.countries`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The list of possible countries can be configured in `siso_tools.default.countries`.
```

## `getCountryNames`

The `getCountryNames` method takes the following parameters:

- `$formTypeName = null`
- `$locale = null`

It returns an array of country codes and names.

> The country name is translated for required `Locale $locale`. If `$locale` is not set, current Locale is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The country names are translated for required `Locale $locale`. If `$locale` is not set, current Locale is used.
```
